hello everyone with you mister gir 45 i'm still
once I apologize for the last time
was such a well, not very good homemade
which didn't even cling today itself
will be homemade which is possible for you
hook it maybe someone and no though
principle i'm involved looked at her in
In principle, this is such a resident of the island hunting
sage and as already understood the tour
jungle air tour in general
there are no poems
samantha seems i know the element of air
jungle I don't know why they decided so well yes
Ok, here is such a tug of hunched and how
you see where I got this simple
do you think everything is right from Fourno xl
from the brain series and so am i barely
did and here such in this
dressing gown or something like a robe
probably I don’t know how to do it right
I call it very hard to do it all
him and by the way here is the removal function
masks blocked completely i.e.
can not and can create such
a little turaga behind me fixed
so black wire but not
wire I know this
say which wire is so close up
wire
if you can see there is an hour well seen slightly
here he sits down to drag
and maybe if you bought it cool there
example technique where there are wires you there
such wires and all the time for doing such
cork
small and it’s me and procrastination
made him such a waist on metal
optina
are you here all the robe call attack
I do not know what exactly is called such
small turaga
he would still be wearing a robe and there or
some kind of ken would write three whales
hieroglyphs would be cool at all
light green ro glyphs with stripes
needs and would like hawala but
gray know how some of the
rag already
but how can I change this color ?
the sofa but only darker and torn
such would be very cool he seriously by
I probably even have this tree
colors like here's a stick camp she's so
colors and a staff like this
with all sorts of algae
branches with a cross face the blade on
the end of such a tour
if you like him and me he is very
I still liked it somehow
implement everything and think a good option
I could have someone
get better and maybe someone
get worse do not argue with you was
mister game 45 subscribe to my
channel put likes all the necessary links
be sure to go to the description
and look at it all for now